docs: quick start guide (#61)
nearform/k8s-kurated-addons-cli: quick-start.md

9. Run `kka-cli init github`
10. Run `kka-cli init service-account | kubectl apply -f -` to create the service account
11. Run the following script:
```
export KKA_LB_ENDPOINT="$(kubectl get service -n istio-ingress istio-ingressgateway -o go-template='{{(index .status.loadBalancer.ingress 0).ip}}'):80"
export KKA_CLUSTER_ENDPOINT=$(kubectl config view -o jsonpath='{.clusters[?(@.name == "kind-k8s-kurated-addons")].cluster.server}')
export KKA_CLUSTER_TOKEN=$(kubectl get secrets kka-cli-token -o jsonpath="{.data.token}" | base64 -d)
export KKA_CLUSTER_CA_CERT=$(kubectl get secrets kka-cli-token -o jsonpath="{.data.ca\.crt}" | base64 -d)
```
12. `echo` the variables set above and set `CLUSTER_CA_CERT`, `CLUSTER_ENDPOINT` and `CLUSTER_TOKEN` as [GitHub Actions secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) in the new repo (or in the GitHub organization itself), using the values returned
    * The `CLUSTER_ENDPOINT` value should be in the URL:port format

>     * You might need to expose publicly the `CLUSTER_ENDPOINT` using ngrok or another tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * to access the cluster from the github action you'll need to expose it via ngrok, grab the port from the `KKA_CLUSTER_ENDPOINT` variable and run `ngrok tcp --region=us <port>`
```

            - "localhost"
            - "*.tcp.eu.ngrok.io"
            - "*.tcp.sa.ngrok.io"
            - "*.tcp.na.ngrok.io"
      ...
      ```
3. Wait for the cluster to stabilize
    * it's easier to spot checking `tilt` and `argocd` (they will show everything green)
4. Create a repo and enable read and write permissions for the GitHub Actions workflows as described in the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#configuring-the-default-github_token-permissions)
5. Clone the new repo
6. Get argocd-password, enable and access the argocd port forward from Tilt
7. Create a new branch from main / master in the repo
8. Run `kka-cli --app-name <app name> init config > .kka`
    * the app name needs to be unique since it will be used by knative to expose its service
    * it’s going to be on the domain GitHub Actions will output
    * if the organization name or GitHub account has uppercase characters, you will need to edit the `.kka` file and change the repo-name to a fully lowercase string
9. Run `kka-cli init github`

> 10. Replace `latest` with `kka-feature-improve-workflow` in `.github/workflows/kka_onmain.yml` and `.github/workflows/kka_onbranch.yml`

Reviewer: This part should be fine now since the branch was merged yesterday, we can remove the step
